feat: add `blas/ext/base/ndarray/gjoin-between` (#11163)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/gjoin-between/README.md

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var gjoinBetween = require( '@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/gjoin-between' );
```

#### gjoinBetween( arrays )

Returns a string by joining one-dimensional ndarray elements using a specified separator for each pair of consecutive elements.

```javascript
var scalar2ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/from-scalar' );
var ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/base/ctor' );

var xbuf = [ 1, 2, 3, 4 ];
var x = new ndarray( 'generic', xbuf, [ 4 ], [ 1 ], 0, 'row-major' );

var prefix = scalar2ndarray( 'op: ', {
    'dtype': 'generic'
});

var suffix = scalar2ndarray( '', {
    'dtype': 'generic'
});

var sbuf = [ ' + ', ' - ', ' != ' ];
var separators = new ndarray( 'generic', sbuf, [ 3 ], [ 1 ], 0, 'row-major' );

var out = gjoinBetween( [ x, prefix, suffix, separators ] );
// returns 'op: 1 + 2 - 3 != 4'
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **arrays**: array-like object containing the following ndarrays:

    -   a one-dimensional input ndarray.
    -   a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the prefix string.
    -   a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the suffix string.

>     -   a one-dimensional ndarray containing the separator strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   a zero-dimensional ndarray containing a prefix string.
    -   a zero-dimensional ndarray containing a suffix string.
    -   a one-dimensional ndarray containing separator strings.
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

> -   If the number of elements is zero, the function returns the prefix and suffix joined together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If the input ndarray is empty, the function returns the prefix and suffix joined together.
```

> -   The `separators` ndarray is assumed to have at least `N-1` indexed elements (i.e., equal to the number of "gaps" between consecutive elements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The `separators` ndarray is assumed to have at least `N-1` elements (i.e., equal to the number of "gaps" between consecutive elements), where `N` is the number of elements in the input ndarray.
```
